So, now onto motion planning.
So far, you've learned a lot about perception,
like how to perceive the world.
But while the car brains will taking vision in, eventually,
you have to also do something with that,
we have to steer,
and you have to break, and give gas.
So, motion planning is a step in that direction.
It comes in multiple segments.
It starts out with a predictive task where
the motion planner tries to understand what are other vehicles about to do in the future.
Then the vehicle will pick a behavior kind of simply speaking,
whether to left or right.
Eventually, it generates a maneuver trajectory as to where to go.
The trajectory is not just a curve in space in X and Y.
It also has a time dimension because
we have to set the speed of the vehicle at the same time.
So, now, in this unit,
you will actually be asked to write a lot of software.
It's very coding intents to build this very important package.
By the end of the unit, you have a flavor for
how complicated as not much fun it is to make a car move.